*: add release note 3.0.0-beta to CHANGLOG.md (#9117)
pingcap/tidb: CHANGELOG.md

### Server

* Support the `Trace` feature [#9029](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9029)
* Support the plugin framework [#8788](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8788)
* Support using `unix_socket` and TCP simultaneously to connect to the database [#8836](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8836)
* Support the `interactive_timeout` system variable  [#8573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8573)
* Support the `wait_timeout` system variable [#8346](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8346)
* Support splitting a transaction into multiple transactions based on the number of statements using the `tidb_batch_commit` variable [#8293](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8293)
* Support using the `ADMIN SHOW SLOW` statement to check slow logs [#7785](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7785)

### Compatibility

* Support the `ALLOW_INVALID_DATES` SQL mode [#9027](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9027)
* Improve `LoadData` fault-tolerance for the CSV file [#9005](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9005)
* Support the MySQL 320 handshake protocol [#8812](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8812)

> * Support stating the unsigned bigint column as the auto-increment column [#8181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8181)

Reviewer: stating —> using?

> * Support stating the unsigned bigint column as the auto-increment column [#8181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8181)

Author: ```suggestion
* Support using the unsigned bigint column as the auto-increment column [#8181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8181)
```

* Optimize the `NOT EXISTS` subquery and convert it to Anti Semi Join [#7842](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7842)
* Add the `tidb_enable_cascades_planner` variable to support the new Cascades optimizer. Currently, the Cascades optimizer is not yet fully implemented and is turned off by default [#7879](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7879)
* Support using Index Join in transactions [#7877](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7877)
* Optimize the constant propagation on the Outer Join, so that the filtering conditions related to the Outer table in the Join result can be pushed down through the Outer Join to the Outer table, reducing the useless calculation of the Outer Join and improving the execution performance [#7794](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7794)
* Adjust the optimization rule of Projection Elimination to the position after the Aggregation Elimination, to avoid redundant `Project` operators [#7909](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7909)
* Optimize the `IFNULL` function and eliminate this function when the input parameter has a non-NULL attribute [#7924](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7924)

> * Support Range for `_tidb_rowid` construction queries, to avoid full table scan and reduce cluster stress [#8047](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8047)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support building range for `_tidb_rowid`, to avoid full table scan and reduce cluster stress [#8047](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8047)
```

* Support the plugin framework [#8788](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8788)
* Support using `unix_socket` and TCP simultaneously to connect to the database [#8836](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8836)
* Support the `interactive_timeout` system variable  [#8573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8573)
* Support the `wait_timeout` system variable [#8346](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8346)
* Support splitting a transaction into multiple transactions based on the number of statements using the `tidb_batch_commit` variable [#8293](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8293)
* Support using the `ADMIN SHOW SLOW` statement to check slow logs [#7785](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/7785)

### Compatibility

* Support the `ALLOW_INVALID_DATES` SQL mode [#9027](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9027)
* Improve `LoadData` fault-tolerance for the CSV file [#9005](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/9005)
* Support the MySQL 320 handshake protocol [#8812](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8812)
* Support stating the unsigned bigint column as the auto-increment column [#8181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8181)

> * Support the `SHOW CREATE USER` syntax [#8970](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/8970)

Reviewer 3: As I understand, this is only parser support for `SHOW CREATE USER` syntax.  I think it is not relevant for release notes until the feature has been implemented?

Author: What do you think @shenli ?
